add info about valid swizzin user (#128)
liaralabs/docs.swizzin.ltd: docs/getting-started/home.mdx

- A password for the master user
- The packages you would like to install

:::caution Valid username

> When you create the swizzin master user or any additionnal user, do not use the username that you used to connect to the server threw SSH.
> When you add an user threw swizzin, it creates a Linux user, so using the same username twice may prevent you to connect threw SSH again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create the Swizzin master user or any additional user, do not use the username that you used to connect to the server threw SSH.
When you add a user through Swizzin, it creates a Linux user, so using the same username twice may prevent you from connecting through SSH again.
```
